Good day!

This is xbmal, the XBMC MAL updater plugin, created by Spencer Julian.
The current version is 0.01, but no garuntees I keep that version up to date in this file.
Well, I say plugin, but for the time being it's actually a seperate program from XBMC.

How does this amazing thing work?
Poorly. It's stil in the alpha stages, and there are a ton of bugs and refactoring,
along with a ton of features that still need to be completed. I'll happily take on
additional programmers...

That's not what I meant!
I know, I know. Here's how it works:
	Step 0: Setup your users file.
		The script needs to know your user information for XBMC and MAL, after all.
	Step 1: A config file is generated that maps your XBMC library's shows to the MAL database.
		This is necessary because XBMC and MAL deal with shows completely differently. In addition,
		"Season 0", or Specials, aren't supported by this plugin because MAL deals with them all
		willy-nilly like (and the same with seasons, as well, in many instances).
	Step 2: You run the script with the generated config file and it happily updates MAL.
		It will only update things in "Plan to watch" or "Watching", because I see no need to touch
		things that are "completed" right now, and it'll mess with the "dropped" and "on hold"
		lists as well.

So what do I do to make it work?

zeroth, backup your MAL database using the 'export' function. Seriously. Do it.

First, edit the users.example file appropriately and rename it to simply 'users'. Once you have that done...

Generate a config file with the following command:

xbmal.py -c [filename]

Filename defaults to config, though you can name it whatever you want. An interactive menu will run you through
each show listed in your XBMC library, and possible mappings on MAL. If your mapping isn't there, the last option
lets you run a search for your show using your own query (it's basically the same as the myanimelist search).
If the show it's asking about isn't an anime (or you just don't want to deal with manual searching right now),
the second to last option will skip the show and ignore it during updates.

What if I made a mistake or need to update my config file?

xbmal.py -m [filename]

where filename defaults to config, but needs to be the same name as you used in -c. This will list all of the
shows in the config file for you to select from. You can then change what it maps to in the same process as above.
When you're done, the last option will exit the program and rewrite the config file.

What if I add a show or 12?

Rerun the -c option, it'll only ask you about stuff that isn't in the config file.

To actually run the script and happily update MAL, just run:

xbmal.py [filename]

where filename defaults to config, but needs to be the same name you used in -c.

Keep in mind this is alpha software. There are bugs and it will probably break things. I'm sorry. I'm still working
on it after all. That said, if you want to help, please do! All of testing, feature requests, and coding are greatly
appreciated.

Legal stuff: in the 'COPYING' file. Basically GPLv3. Also bits used from other people here and there, but I'm
fairly certain it's all GPLv3 as well.
